circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: max concurrency
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is status code 500
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
circuitBreaker and err is hystrix: circuit open
